[Chorus]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (We in da builidin)
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focus

[Verse 1]
Ya boy gettin paper (Money), I buy big cars (Foreign)
I need fly rides to drive in my garage (Choose 1)
Stay sky high (Twisted), fly wit the stars (Twinkle, Twinkle)
T 4? Flights, 80 grand large (Ballin!)
So we lean wit it, put wit it (Bankhead)
Vertible jones, mean wit the top listen (Flossin)
Im sayin claen wit the bottom?
(Do It)
I hop'd out saggy, jeans and my rock glistenin (Ballin!)
But I spent bout 8 grand
Mami on stage doin the rain dance (Ithink she like me)
She let it hit the floor, made it pop (What else?!)
Got my pedal to the floor sreamin fuck the cops (Do It)

[Chorus]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (We in da buildin)
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focus

[Verse 2]
So I spend the life like there's no tomorrow (Speedin!)
100 g's worth of ice on the auto? (Flossy)
And we in the street like until the call the law (Ballin)
I made the whip get naked (What Happen?!)
While I switch gears, bitch lookin at the bracelet (Got Em)
Step out, show me what your all about
Flashbacks of last night of me ballin out (Harlem)
1 a.m. we was at the club (What Happen?!)
2 a.m. ten bottles of bub (Money ain't a thing)
And about 3 somethin I was thinkin about grab
So I stumbled to the car, threw the drinks and the drugs (Twisted)

[Chorus]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (We in da building)
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focus

[Verse 3]
Nigga could you buy that
I keep 20 in the pocket (Light Change)
Talk a buck 80 if the bentley is the topic (That grey poupon)
But of course gotta fly...? (Where?!)
To the hood to roll dice on the side of thye curb
But I know a G Bent may sound obsurb (Get Your Money Up)
Drive 80 up Lennox cause I got on urge (Speedin)
The rap game like the crack game
Lifestyles, rich andand famous livin in the fast lane (Ballin!)
So when I bleep shorty bleep back
Loui Vuitton Belt where I'm keep all the heat strapped
I beat the trial over rucker (Let's Do It)
All guns loaded in the back mothafucker (Dipset)

[Chorus]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (We in da buildin) [2x]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focus

You niggas need to saty focus
When your dealin wit a mothafuckin G
You know my name, Jones, One Eye, Capo Status
Only above mothafucka
This Dipset ByrdGang we born to fly
Ya'll know the rules fall back or fall back
Someone tell my bitch Summer Im lookin for her
Ya dig, another day another dollar
Fast lone fucker