
Lead Vocal by Jim

Don't tell me I'm wrong,
'Cause I've been watching every move that you make.
Hearts you steal, in your make up and heels
Trouble for the man that you date.

Every time you walk in the room
I couldn't ever be sure of a smile
You were never the same way twice,
I'm falling in love
Oh, night after night - oh it's crazy...ooh
So many people who said, ooh
Girl you've got nothing but time
Oh you are a shining star
Don't you worry 'bout what you're leaving behind.

Every time you walk in the room
I couldn't ever be sure of a smile
You were never the same way twice,
I'm falling in love
Oh, night after night - oh it's crazy...

Oh you got to try, try, try.
Ah don't you know you've got to try,
Try, try. Oooh
Oh baby you try, oh.

SOLO

Every time you walk in the room
I couldn't ever be sure of a smile
You were never the same way twice,
I'm falling in love
Oh, night after night - oh it's crazy...

Oh you got to try, try, try.
Ah don't you know you've got to try,
Try, try. Oooh oh baby you try, oh woah woah try, oh woah woah

I don't know if you've ever seen the movie
Sunset Boulevard but at the beginning of
This movie William Holden is floating-dead-in
A pool and behind him all these flashes are
Going off of the police and news photogra-
Phers and then the voice of this guy who's
Floating in this pool comes over and starts
Telling us about this crazy arrangement he's
Been having with Gloria Swanson, some
Chaffeur named Von Stroheim and a Chim-
Panzee in a white satin coffin but what he's
Really talking about is how we're continually
Being confronted with the possibility of our
Own corruption and how if you're not care-
Ful you can be swallowed up whole by your
Own ambitions. Now in his own life, William
Was a bit of a drinker and one night sittin at
Home after having a couple too many, he
Falls down and hits his head on a coffee
Table...no big deal...so goes to the bath-
Room, gets a towel, puts it to his head and
Stumbles off to bed but he never woke up...he
Was so loaded that he ends up bleeding to
Death, lying there in a pool of his own blood...
HMPH...this song is about that sort
Of feeling...that burnout kinda feeling of
When a bad thing has been going on for too
Long and an act of sympathy makes as much
Sense as putting a towel to your head.
