

Her narcissism, his foul mind
Her promised love, deus ex machina
And mastic guns that skull-bind
A frail love, deus ex machina
She didn’t wanna know. She fucking never know
She told him lies and raised the deus ex machina
She didn’t wanna know, said she could never grow
She sold demise and raised the child a would believer

Her last incision, the last guise
Dementia? Love! Deus ex machina
Flip out the guns and skull fire
A frail love, deus ex machina
She didn’t wanna know and loves a wicked soul!
Her cold disguise now raise a deus ex machina
She didn’t wanna show, said she could never grow
She told him lies, depraved the child a would believer…

With salt to the sores we’ll make lovers.
Like salt to the sores, yeah great lovers.
Like guests to the grave of the dead, the dead lovers…

Did you feel loved? Did you ever burn Avalon?
A taste of real blood to numb the lovers…
Now take your woes to the alter and sing dead praise…

She grappled hate around my spleen, dissever lust, she numbed my dream, never leave, desire, fervour, ardour
And like a deus ex machina she ground mind, growing clearer… you’ll always feel amor
Her narcissism her foul mind, her promised love…
Her narcissism her dead foul mind, her dead promised love…

Did you feel loved? Did you ever burn Avalon?
A taste of real blood to numb the lovers…
I’ll cast an eye; she’s so dirty, rescinded grace…

Ezekiel’s vision from the cherubim and eyed wheel revolution, revelation apocalypse looms

Did you feel loved? Did you ever burn Avalon?
A taste of real blood to numb the lovers…
She’ll take control, we’ve been altered, dead faces fade…

And like a deus ex machina she ground my mind, growing clearer, desire fervour ardour
And like a deus ex machina she ground my mind, growing clearer, you’ll always feel amor
And like a deus ex machina she ground my mind, growing clearer, desire fervour ardour
And like a deus ex machina she ground my mind, growing clearer, you’ll always be my love

